# AISTATS Conference Stub Site

Welcome to the AISTATS Site.

Building a conference website may seem like an extra step and a hassle. Our aim is to make the conference website the central repository for communicating between chairs about what the conference is doing while generating a site for potential attendees, authors, speakers to enjoy.

This stub site is honed from experience of organising conferences across a number of decades. It is initially designed for AISTATS, but it should be useful for other conferences.

The site is hosted on [github](http://github.com). This is convenient as it allows for multiple organisers to make changes from different sites, and the git tool alongside github hosting is a great way to manage this.

The site is compiled using [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/). Jekyll is a static web page generator written in Ruby. It is automatically integrated with Github, so the site compilation is part of the service that github provide.

Rather than editing `html` directly, a lot of the site is generated by editing `yaml` files. These files (yaml stands for 'yet another markup language') are read by Jekyll for generating the different web pages in a template language called [`liquid`](https://shopify.github.io/liquid/). 

Fortunately, you shouldn't need to worry about this template language as the work is being done for you by a  customised 'remote theme' (hosted at <http://github.com/lawrennd/proceedings>). This theme makes it easier for you to generate a website without lots of editing html.

Thats it for the technical side. We now move to the business of setting up the conference. To stop this readme getting too long, the documentation for how to use this repository to create a conference [is here](./doc/README.md). 


